chore(stepper):added OnChange event (#397)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/stepper/events.md

# Stepper Events

This article explains the events available in the Telerik Stepper for Blazor:

* [OnChange](#onchange)
* [ValueChanged](#valuechanged)

## OnChange

> The `OnChange` event is triggered on the current step and fires before the step has changed. The handler receives an object of type `StepperStepChangeEventArgs` which exposes the following fields:

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
The `OnChange` event fired before the current step has changed. The handler receives an object of type `StepperStepChangeEventArgs` which exposes the following fields:
```

> * `TargetIndex` - contains the index of the targeted new step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TargetIndex` - provides the index of the targeted new step.
```
